docs: update app descriptions (#49)
AntiMicroX/antimicrox: CMakeLists.txt

if(CPACK_GENERATOR STREQUAL "DEB")
  set(CPACK_DEBIAN_PACKAGE_DEPENDS "qtbase5-dev, libsdl2-2.0-0, libqt5x11extras5, libc6")
  set(CPACK_DEBIAN_PACKAGE_MAINTAINER "pktiuk <kotiuk@zohomail.eu>")

>   set(CPACK_DEBIAN_PACKAGE_DESCRIPTION "AntiMicroX is a graphical program used for mapping gamepad buttons to keyboard, mouse, scripts and macros. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  set(CPACK_DEBIAN_PACKAGE_DESCRIPTION "AntiMicroX is a graphical program used to map gamepad buttons to keyboard, mouse, scripts and macros. 
```
